=Sugar and Lies=
(A Different Her: The Women's Trilogy)
=Episode 21=
=The Devil From Heaven=
♪I forgot this is a movie meant for one♪
♪Somehow you're still here,
crying with me♪
♪They say♪
♪Lovers should never hold hands
while watching a sad movie♪
♪Some endings cannot be changed♪
♪They don't belong in sweet memories♪
♪I've already lost you♪
♪Thinking of it takes my breath away♪
♪Like a sad movie playing out♪
♪Bound for a tragic ending♪
So you were the one who asked me out.
I thought it was Ding Daang.
It was me.
Nothing you want to say to me?
You already know everything.
Yes.
So you came to settle things with me?
No.
I just want to know
why you're helping Ding Daang.
When I was nineteen,
I married Ding Haishan.
He gave me everything.
Everything but my freedom.
I envied your mother.
Because in her,
I saw a woman's independence.
With her own hands,
she raised you and your sister.
That's something I never had done.
Not long after you left,
Ding Haishan went bankrupt.
I walked away from the Ding family.
Ding Daang.
For your daughter's treatment.
How could I take your money?
I was so foolish back then.
I hurt you,
your father,
and even you.
I want to ask you for a favor.
Since you've also got regrets,
let's settle all that old mess together.
So,
do you think we should tell Ding Daang?
Maybe we should just stay out of it.
Sometimes
silence is better.
About that inheritance,
it never really existed, did it?
Right.
She build everything she has now
on her own.
On top of that, she even paid off
the debt her father left behind,
over twenty million in total.
We've all been pretending,
but what she's done is for you.
It's to help you heal.
So,
she asked you to come back
to trigger Chen Aming's memories
and drive away Yu Kun's existence.
That's not true.
She did it so your existence
could be whole again.
She said no matter if you're Yu Kun
or Chen Aming,
you still have to face your past
to create a future.
Facing the past?
Chen Aming,
I know you didn't really want to
break up with Ding Daang.
Now Ding Daang has given me
a second chance.
She's given you one, too.
This time, you have to treat her right.
She deserves the best in this world.
The best person.
No matter what that "best" actually means.
Yes.
She deserves to be treated right.
There's one more thing I want to tell you.
Even though I know it might sound
a bit hollow
and maybe even ridiculous,
I still want to say to you
and your family—I'm sorry.
No need.
Alright.
What are your plans moving forward?
We...
We're getting married.
Wish you all the best.
Thanks.
You're here.
What is it?
A love letter?
The bar tab I still owe you.
You know I don't care about that.
But I do care.
I'm leaving soon.
I never really belonged anywhere.
Though,
Keep Love did give me a home.
But that was only temporary.
What if
I could give you a home too?
You know what I mean.
I've never really understood love.
It's like a bug that never gets fixed.
Then let's fix it together.
Lin Xibei.
I like you.
What is it that you like about me?
Everything.
You're such a fool, aren't you?
I'll take good care of you.
I've signed up for a class.
What kind of class?
A cooking class.
I want to make all the delicious dishes
you've never tried before.
Hey there, my darlings!
Welcome back to the Keep Love Channel.
Today's topic is special.
When someone loves another person,
what should they do for them?
That's right.
Love isn't just about sweet words.
It's also about actions and effort.
So, Mr. Zhou,
what do you think someone should do
when they're in love?
I'd say… be there for their loves.
Just like I join you
for every livestream,
no matter the weather.
Come on, cut it out.
With or without me,
you'll stream anyway.
Hey, that's not fair.
I'm being totally sincere here.
Actually,
loving someone is really simple.
Like remembering what they like
and what they can't stand.
Most importantly, being there
when they need you most.
Like this?
When did you get all this ready?
It's a secret.
To love someone
is to surprise her whenever you can.
Am I right?
Ding Daang,
you said we'd last forever
and I said yes.
Now it's my turn to ask you.
Marry me.
No contracts.
No schemes.
Just you and me.
Will you?
♪That song suddenly started playing♪
♪And I thought of you again♪
♪Even though I swore to the world
we were done♪
♪All my friends laughed at me♪
♪Why can't I just let it go♪
♪But how could they ever know
how good you were to me♪
♪I'm falling into
the swamp of your charm♪
♪It's painful yet feels so right♪
♪As the endless night unfolds♪
♪I toss and turn, can't fall asleep♪
♪You keep running through my mind♪
♪Nothing matters more than you♪
♪Why?♪
♪You walked out of my world♪
♪You are my only cure♪
♪Can you give me one more hug?♪
♪Did you hear me say please don't go♪
♪That song keeps playing on repeat♪
♪Feels like
everything has frozen in time♪
♪Where our happy moments were buried♪
♪I wonder what you're doing now♪
♪Are you really happier than before?♪
Alright.
You've watched it like 800 times.
So? Still think it's good?
♪Let it be.
Maybe I was just holding on too tight♪
Where's your watch?
I threw it away.
Didn't you used to wear it all the time?
My dear wife.
Let me tell you.
Don't act innocent
after getting what you wanted.
♪Why?♪
Got it.
Honey.
What?
Hon...
...ey.
♪Can you give me one more hug?♪
♪Did you hear me say please don't go♪
Keep going.
♪My world once shined because of you♪
♪I even forgot how small I was♪
♪As long as
there's still fire in my heart♪
♪I won't let tears blur my eyes♪
I wanna touch this.
♪Silently I pray for you♪
♪Wishing you a better life than mine♪
Ding Daang.
Do you remember when we eloped?
How about we
doing it again?
I'm Yu Kun.
I'm Chen Aming too.
Ding Daang.
Tell me.
Is this what you really want?
Is it?
♪I forgot this is a movie meant for one♪
♪Somehow you're still here,
crying with me♪
♪They say♪
♪Lovers should never hold hands
while watching a sad movie♪
♪Some endings cannot be changed♪
♪They don't belong in sweet memories♪
♪I've already lost you♪
♪Thinking of it takes my breath away♪
♪The movie ends, so many couples around♪
♪Yet none were ever like us♪
♪The past will always pass♪
♪If you could still hold me tight
in your arms♪
♪I'd believe
that there are miracles in love♪
♪I'd prove
that I'm still in love with you♪
♪I've learned how to cherish
what we had♪
♪But sadly, it's not you♪